ク・ツ・ツ・フ・ム・ルの The six sounds belonging to the Uretsu,
are called 優, which is an consonant that is not in the sound of the word,
and are pronounced as a singular consonant.
In other words, クにおいては桜でなく、桜 In the case of ク, it is not the word sakura, but the word sakura.
音楽でなく音楽 Music instead of music.
筒においては花通花でなく花花 In the case of 筒 it is not kasuka, but kasuka.
少しでなく少し It is not suukoshi, but koshi.
筒においては花通花でなく花花 In the case of 筒 it is not kasuka, but hatsu.
夏草でなく夏草 It is not natsumusa, but natsumusa.
筒においては福草でなく草 In the case of 筒 it is not fukuusa, but kusa.
夜風家でなく夜風家 It is not yofuke, but yofuke.
筒においては花無理でなく花無理 In the case of 筒 it is not kammuri, but kammuri.
寒草でなく寒草 It is not samusa, but samusa.
筒においては古うしでなく古し In the case of 筒 it is not uru-shi, but uru-shi.
軽草でなく軽草 It is not karusa, but karusa.
以上の楽音も同様であります The above is the same as the music.
また作業の詩の音もこれと同様 The sound of the word 詩の音 is also the same as the sound of the word 詩の音.
白草でなく白草 It is not shiro-sa, but shiro-sa.
足子でなく足子であります It is not hashiko, but hashiko.
楽業は元気元気などの特別のものを除いては In the case of the music, except for the special things such as 元気元気,
全て花にかかった楽音として発音するのが正しいのだります it is correct to pronounce them as the sound of flowers.
名はち 棚柄でなく棚柄 It is not 棚柄, but 棚柄.
次行くでなく次行く It is not 次行く, but 次行く.
直にでなく直に It is not 直に, but 直に.
影でなく影 It is not 影, but 影.
このごろでなくこのごろのように It is not このごろ, but このごろ.
詩の音は 詩fuと続いてありますが The sound of 詩 is followed by 詩fu.
狭い光景による HUの発音が正しいと思います I think the pronunciation of HU is correct by the small
DとLの本合音であります It is the combination of D and L.
名はち ラリルレロ If you pronounce it with R,
ラリルレロ ラリルレロ